Correct delegated DCV Setup for Custom Hostnames (#12735)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/security/certificate-management/issue-and-validate/validate-certificates/delegated-dcv.md

To set up Delegated DCV:

> 1. Add a [custom hostname](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/security/certificate-management/issue-and-validate/issue-certificates/) for your zone. You can choose any **Certificate validation method**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a [custom hostname](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/domain-support/create-custom-hostnames/) for your zone. You can choose any **Certificate validation method**.
```
